DIDN’T SAID
VIOLENCE
I am so desperate of what humans are doing on earth; my mind is still falling into the void. What are these humans are sent down for? My lord — or I should not believe in any lord but to only peace. After knowing the wrong is wrong why do go beyond? And even your lord didn’t said that, why do you go beyond?
Your lord is no one but when you will you will still burn in your own created hell, if your lord is best and the best forgiver your lord will forgive everyone and if you believe in the oneness of your lord, after you die you will submerge to your lord. You should know that your lord never loves violence even if you are doing that for your lord. What do you deny of my words? Or of your lord’s?
You have the best form and you came in the best form, oh humans and you still don’t understand? You came up in the best form to worship through peace and not show your inner maniac to the world. There is nothing to do if you don’t understand. Your lord weeps over you, your lord will only be joyous when you will understand the true meaning of the books that were sent down in the ancient times and are still followed. What you were is the wrong and it is the truth because a man with true wisdom doesn’t exist except the lord itself. If the lord wants us we are, if not we are not.
And after these all why do you still create violence? How you are lynching them to death, remember you have a body too and you accepts pain too, and if you think violence is the real source of your existence then you are wrong, be faithful to your true lord. He is. And remember you will be lynched to death too.
Each and every question will be asked from you and your tongue will be taken out. How will you apologize to your lord? If you cry your face will be reformed as the faces of the demons or beasts of hell, that time you will have your true mind and you will know your lord, you will understand how your lord wept over you and still you didn’t understand but do not worry every sin of you will be forgiven, and who is the lord to punish you? He is merciful, and that time you will be trapped in your thoughts thinking everything I did in humanity was wrong. It is indeed everyone will submerge one day to oneness.
I do not believe in the lord but if that means peace I do.
Wake your mind and open the way of your mind to accept wisdom in it.
Nothing will happen well to you all if do not understand it.
“Be Heaven, Be Peace.”